Israel's military assault on Khan Yunis
has killed at least 81 Palestinians and
injured more than 250 people say they
were given no time to find safety
Israeli forces started to bomb the area
just moments after they issued an
evacuation order on Monday Israel
ordered displace Palestinians to leave
what it had previously designated as a
humanitarian Zone well hint H is life
for us now in De alala in central Gaza
so this new Israeli offensive in KH
Unice came quickly uh with very little
warning what more can you tell us
well it was a surprising ground
in started yesterday Palestinians did
not even have the time to evacuate they
were only given a couple of minutes
before the arery shelling started
shelling different parts of kenun but
let me update you with the latest
numbers since the 24 past hours 81
Palestinians have been killed in kenun
Palestinians have been hom the people
who managed to evacuate from the Eastern
parts of kanun are homeless they
literally slept on the streets because
they did not know where to go not only
that some people uh uh were calling that
they were trapped in Benny soila they
were trapped amid endless artillery
shelling and also Israeli tanks and
soldiers and no one could reach that
area according to the civil defense
teams and the paramedics they said that
they are unable to reach the areas that
has have been targeted by the Israeli
forces and especially the Eastern parts
of kenun Palestinians are horrified they
are not able to reach anyone in that
area and it the the the most important
part is being displaced more than one
time those Palestinians in the Eastern
parts of kenun went back uh to their
homes a couple of weeks ago after a
ground Invasion that took more than 3
months and also people who were targeted
in the western parts of kanun went to
the Eastern parts of kanun so people are
feeling that Israel is playing with them
at chess game moving them from a place
to another and not even giving them time
or space uh to evacuate according to Al
nasur hospital they received at least
150 people injured and they're running
out of blood and they're also running
out of medical supplies all right hint
Al They Live for us and alala in Central
Gaza hint thank
you make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer